merkle corruption checker docs (#22971)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/system/replication/replication-dr.mdx

  "warnings": ["..."]
}
```

> ## Check Merkle Tree Corruption

Reviewer: Same style as above:

```suggestion
## `/sys/replication/dr/secondary/merkle-check`
```

> This endpoint prints information about the corruption status of the merkle tree on a DR

Reviewer: Same style as above.

> This endpoint prints information about the corruption status of the merkle tree on a DR

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Merkle check endpoint prints information about the corruption status of the Merkle tree on a DR
```

Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun

secondary cluster. Check [merkle tree corruption](/vault/api-docs/system/replication#check-merkle-tree-corruption) for more details.

> This endpoint requires a DR Operation Token to be provided as means of
> authorization. See the [DR Operation Token API
> docs](#generate-disaster-recovery-operation-token) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Requests to `/sys/replication/dr/secondary/merkle-check` must provide a DR
Operation Token as authorization. See the [DR Operation Token API
docs](#generate-disaster-recovery-operation-token) for more information.
```

Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun, write in active voice

| Method  | Path                                         |
| :------ | :------------------------------------------- |
| `POST`  | `/sys/replication/dr/secondary/merkle-check` |

### Parameters

> - `dr_operation_token` `(string: <required>)` - DR operation token used to authorize this request.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `dr_operation_token` `(string: <required>)` - DR operation token used to authorize the request.
```

Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun

### Sample request

```shell-session
$ curl \
    http://127.0.0.1:8200/v1/sys/replication/dr/secondary/merkle-check
```

> ### Sample response
> The response provides information about the health of the Merkle composite tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sample response

The response provides information about the health of the Merkle composite tree.
```

It indicates whether the root of the tree is corrupted and also identifies any
corruption in the roots of its subtrees, including replicated and local subtrees.
In the event of corruption within a page or subpage of the tree, it includes the

> page number along with a list of corrupted subpage numbers. This information
> serves as an indicator of the extent of corruption within the Merkle tree.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
page number along with a list of corrupted subpage numbers. The status details
indicate the extent of corruption within the Merkle tree.
```
